Bump update helm broker catalog on configmap change (#2746)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/helm-broker/docs/05-01-helm-broker.md

type: Configuration
---

> The Helm Broker fetches bundle definitions from an HTTP servers defined in the `helm-repos-urls` config map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Helm Broker fetches bundle definitions from HTTP servers defined in the `helm-repos-urls` ConfigMap.
```

> ### Configuring the Helm Broker to add a new repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add a new bundle repository
```

Follow these steps to change the configuration and make the Helm Broker fetch bundles from a custom HTTP servers:

> 1. Create a remote bundles repository with the definition of your bundles. Your remote bundle repository must include the following resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a remote repository with the definition of your bundles. Your remote bundle repository must include the following resources:
```

            description: Redis service
            version: 0.0.1
      ```
    - A `{bundle_name}-{bundle_version}.tgz` file for each bundle version defined in the `yaml` file. The `.tgz` file is an archive of your bundle's directory.

2. Install Kyma on Minikube. See [this](/root/kyma#installation-install-kyma-locally-from-the-release) document to learn how.

> 3. Create a config map which contains an URL to the repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a ConfigMap which contains an URL to the repository:
```

 ```bash
kubectl create configmap my-helm-repos-urls -n kyma-system --from-literal=URLs=https://github.com/kyma-project/bundles/releases/download/latest/index-testing.yaml
 ```
>**NOTE:** If you want to fetch bundles from many HTTP servers, use `\n` to separate the URLs.

> 4. Label the newly created config map:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Label the newly created ConfigMap:
```

 ```bash
kubectl label configmap my-helm-repos-urls -n kyma-system helm-broker-repo=true
 ```
 

> Helm Broker triggers the Service Catalog synchronization automatically. New ClusterServiceClasses should appear after a few seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm Broker triggers the Service Catalog synchronization automatically. New ClusterServiceClasses appear after a few seconds.
```

> To create a valid config map with many URLs from the yaml file, you can use the following example:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following example to create a valid ConfigMap with many URLs from the `yaml` file:  
```
